# The Moody Foodie


# User Story

As a Fan of Bobs Burgers, I want to find an Episode and figure out what Burger they are eating, so that I may make and eat the same burger.

# Project Description

The Moody Foodie makes use of two APIs a Burger API and a Character API. We are using the fetch() method to retrieve data and JSON to return data from the APIs. There are two main functions, the generateBurgeroftheDay() function, which generates a random number betweeen 1 and 10 to select a burger from the Burger API then the getapidata() function generates an HTML string and displays the burger's image, name and description in the element burgerInfoPanel. The generateCharInfo() function generates a number between 1 and 506 to select a character from the Character API and also uses the getapidata() function to retrieve character infromation. The HTML string is then generated and the character's image, name , first episode appearance, and voice actor are displayed in the element charachterInfoPanel. For the beautification of the page we are using the CSS framework 'Pure', and incorporating Bob's Burgers Web font.
Features we hope to implement in the future include picking a favorite burger and saving it for later.


## How to Run the project

The Moody Foodie can me found here: https://lydrod206.github.io/BurgersBurgersBurgers/


## How to Use the Project

"Let's get going...", Press this button to enter Bob's diner!
"Let's get this Patty Started!" Press Generate Random Character button to find out who our cool person is today and then Press Generate A Burger Of The Day button to generate an awesome burger, keep pressing until you find the mouthwatering burger of your dreams and then press Save to keep your favorite burger with description. Make and eat your burger, then start all over again!


### Authors

https://github.com/roberto189
https://github.com/CodingTrophyWife
https://github.com/LydRod206


### APIs

https://burgerservice20230409143907.azurewebsites.net/burger/Burgers
https://bobsburgers-api.herokuapp.com/characters/?limit=9&skip=70


### License 

Copyright (c) 2018 Zach Saucier

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2023 LydRod206

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


### Contribute to the project
[![Contributor Covenant](https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributor%20Covenant-2.1-4baaaa.svg)](code_of_conduct.md)


![Screenshot 2023-04-12 at 12 06 14 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/119384486/231560625-0eaeaf57-188a-4e9c-b1af-a224975182cb.png)
